# CS483
Homeworks and Final Project for CS483 (Web Development) at WSU taught by Adam Carter during the Spring 2015 semester.

Folders:
- Canvas: As part of our learning about the HTML5 canvas element, we were asked to create a basic game. This is a relatively simple Pong game that I created for this. I had plans to create other more advanced (and better coded) games, but other projects ended up getting in the way.
- final: This is the final project for the course, a custom blog that we were to make with some basic features as well as some we came up with on our own. I used CodeIgniter for the MVC framework as well as using jQuery and jQueryUI for some of the javascript functionality. A copy of the database (meant to run on MySQL) is also provided)
- homework1: For this homework we were asked to implement a version of the Windows 8 Modern/Metro interface in CSS and HTML that would scale to fit the screen. The background image will only exist above a certain resolution, similar to the difference between the Modern interface on the desktop versus the phone version. The number of tiles is random, as is each tile itself (the background color, image (if it has an image), and text). I implemented mine so that it would scale horizontally, but would also scale vertically on smaller screens to better fit normal web interfaces.
- homework2: For this homework we were asked to implement a simple account creation system using php. The database was provided by the professor, but I could not find a copy of it to upload here. I used an external php file for the actual account creation (which includes all the same checks) rather than having all the code on the index page.
- homework3: For this homework we were asked to implement a simple MVC framework using some pre-provided model, view, and controller files. Due to some health issues that arose around the time this homework was assigned (broken feet and the subsequent painkillers) I was only able to implement the code for rendering the default index page. However, skeleton code for the showing of movies is partially implemented.
